docs: add `Services`, `Cron Jobs`, and `Daemons` docs, fix outdated steps on few articles (#1005)
devopness/devopness: docs/services/add-service.md

---
title: Add a service

> intro: Add services to servers and applications so they can easily be managed in one place.

Reviewer: @pvdevs Suggestion: perhaps emphasize `Linux service` (easier to be Google-d when user looks for help :D) and also highlight the fact that services can be linked to specific `servers` and `applications`?

```suggestion
intro: Add Linux services to your Devopness environments, so they can be easily managed and linked to all servers and applications that depend on them.
```
